The Stuyvesant Baker Street Irregular's Doctrine

The Stuyvesant Baker Street Irregular's Doctrine, referred to as SBSD,
promotes and encourages a happy and safe environment and atmosphere. Violators
who infringe on ascertained principles and/or rules established in this
doctrine, may be subject to any sort of punishment within club limits which 
the President or Vice President may decide.

1. DISCRIMINATION

SBSD does not allow any discrimination whatsoever to any member of the club, 
person in school, or person out of school. This includes, but is not limited
to Inhibiting people from joining outright, or via technological or physical
measures. Any of the following, slurs, hate comments, and more of the related
are strictly prohibited whether based on race, gender, or height. Racist
thoughts and obscenities will not be tolerated and punishment may be alotted,
and/or carried out based on the judgement of the President ("P") or Vice
President "VP" if the following included, but not limited to actions: 
obscenities, bad environment, hate speech, rant, disturbance of the peace,
and high pitch yelling. Note that the school rights in NYC according to 
federal law are in accordance, and these laws apply locally, only toward the
club and its members when doing anything related to the club. If for example, 
a club member was to be extremely racist in our annual visit to Escape The
Room the V or the VP may do anything up to throwing the person out of the
club.

2.  ADVERTISING

SBSD follows the flyer rules and other legal procedures outlined by the 
Stuyvesant cLub guideline.

3. FINANCIAL

SBSD prohibits the misuse of any monetary funds given by the Stuyvesant 
Student Union by any member including, but not limited to the President, Vice 
President or manager.

4. ELECTION

If the club scales there will rules outlining club officer election, but as of
now the 2 manager positions are voluntary.

5. GUIDELINES AND RULES

SBSD is allowed to change these principles and rules without prior notice. 

